# scratchpad
Tests and such

Wiki link: https://wikis.mit.edu/confluence/x/uhIEBw

- AOB
- Introduce Sadie!
- Announcements/Sharing (all, 5-15 min)
	- OATF-IT update: rec 10
	- JPAL cross-links & Privacy training
	- From RDG
- Consultation check-ins | Amy | Feedback (all) | 5-10 min
- Topics
	- Spring instruction. 
		- What are we doing & who is doing it? | Amy | Review past workshop performance [link workshop page] & nominate April classes & instructors https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZzwewX_p-0rJnMQqIrOIUbBvxQztZLCW1SylxmiesMg/edit?usp=sharing | 10 min
		- Remote options | Phoebe | Brainstorm/Discussion & determine next steps for preparation | 15 min
	- Intended Learning Objectives [link] | Amy | Brainstorm & build, update workshop page | 30 min
- Action item review | Ye | Consensus | 3 min
- +/ùö´ | Amy | Feedback (all) | 5 min

| Topic | Topic leader | Process | Intent/ Desired outcome | Priority | Time (min) | OK'd |
| --- |:---:| ---| --- | --- | ---: | :---: |
| Topic | Topic leader | Process | Intent/ Desired outcome | Priority | xx | ‚àö |
| Topic | Topic leader | Process | Intent/ Desired outcome | Priority | xx | ‚àö |
| Leadership updates | HS | Update & check-in | informative | med | xx | ‚àö |
| Pandemic proceedings | HS | Update & check-in | Same page & Surfacing concerns | High | xx | ‚àö |
| DSS dept mtg | HS | Update & check-in | Agenda bldg | High | xx | ‚àö |

20200406
========
Attendees: Katharine, Peter, Amy, Jay, Karen, Chris, Marianna
Regrets: Lindse Weeramuni, 

# Priority readjustment

Had: 

- 3 policy recommendations
	- monograph policy
	- journal article policy
	- consolidating & clarifying thesis policies
- Data registry
- open code recommendations
- Provost direction to depts to develop plans

Thoughts:

- Data registry work is on-going, and should continue
- Journal article policy should continue
- Should code work continue? 
	- Not as a priority. The change will be attitudinal/perspective rather than policy. TLO can be more explicit in messaging, but this is not the time to talk about change in the work of the TLO wrt software. e.g., awareness raising, attention garnering valuable but not a priority now. TLO is currently modeling open source licensing when it comes to COVID-19, and this is a workable setting. TLO advising on protective actions when it comes to reputation and focusing on getting things out their quickly.
- Department plans. Attention is elsewhere. While argument for open is pertinent, the work may be difficult to get departments to focus on. It is worth continuing work on developing toolkits, but with the understanding that now is not the time for expecting work to happen
- Monograph policy. Hold. Financial constraints. At ~$15K/monograph for supporting open, we are not currently positioned to do that.
- Thesis policy. Slow mover, but could do background work. Would like to move toward default ownership of thesis by students. Under emergency academic regs all thesis are digital deposits.

Updates:

- Journal policy
	- Do we use this as an opportunity to clean up discrepancies across the Institution's documentation (e.g., Policy vs TLO) or do we focus on limited change to policy? Under consideration and in conversation w Mark (?)
	- Recommendations: This is a poor operational context to get consensus on anything controversial. Journal articles may be easy enough, but anything more involved is likely to be difficult. 
	- Background work can continue on, in terms of wording, but getting the policy in place (all the people and conversations and academic council) is something to put off for a bit.
	- [ ] Jay & Marianna will continue to refine wording
	- [ ] Jay, Marianna, and Chris: Devise strategic plan for introduction & feedback 
		- Two possibilities for feedback are OATF (broadly) and Library Advisory Board. Field testing, improvements, potential objections, etc.
	
- Research Data Registry
	- See Chris' notes https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kYVfFXkEDUjV9ly9ecyXawmtCAD51ss3xkJnNBaLf4w/edit?usp=sharing
	- [ ] Amy Share RDR slide deck
	- [ ] Amy Share data definition
	
- Dept provost plans
	- [ ] Katharine will continue to work on the action out of this (Amy check LIRS mtg notes for this)
	
- Other
	- [ ] CB will connect w Linsee about educational resources
	- [ ] PB will look at documenting current TLO practices as a useful contribution to software work 
	- [ ] Future meeting frequency. Keep the frequency, but only for 45 min
